Enhance documentation with MOM6 tips and tricks (#1125)
COSIMA/MOM6-CICE6: documentation/docs/pages/Tips-and-tricks.md

1. Open a PR against one config ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1101)).
2. If the change affects answers, update checksums with `!test repro commit`.
3. If you made any changes to `MOM_input` or changed the version of MOM6:
  a. Update the "docs" folder ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/dev-MC_25km_jra_iaf/docs)) with the latest version of the MOM docs (i.e. re-run the model and commit those files).

>   b. Check that any changes you have made to `MOM_input` use the standardized formatting of the `MOM_parameter_doc.short` file. Tip: one can use `git diff --no-index MOM_input docs/MOM_parameter_docs.short` after the docs dir is updated. One should not see any differences below the heading `! This section is formatted the same as the MOM_parameter_short.doc output file.` We require consistent formatting to make it easier to parse diffs between configs ([example](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/#comparison-table)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you made any changes to `MOM_input` or changed the version of MOM6:

  a. Update the "docs" folder ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/dev-MC_25km_jra_iaf/docs)) with the latest version of the MOM docs (i.e. re-run the model and commit those files).
  b. Check that any changes you have made to `MOM_input` use the standardized formatting of the `MOM_parameter_doc.short` file. Tip: one can use `git diff --no-index MOM_input docs/MOM_parameter_docs.short` after the docs dir is updated. One should not see any differences below the heading `! This section is formatted the same as the MOM_parameter_short.doc output file.` We require consistent formatting to make it easier to parse diffs between configs ([example](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/#comparison-table)).

```

1. Open a PR against one config ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/1101)).
2. If the change affects answers, update checksums with `!test repro commit`.
3. If you made any changes to `MOM_input` or changed the version of MOM6:

  - Update the "docs" folder ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/dev-MC_25km_jra_iaf/docs)) with the latest version of the MOM docs (i.e. re-run the model and commit those files).

>   - Check that any changes you have made to `MOM_input` use the standardized formatting of the `MOM_parameter_doc.short` file. Tip: one can use `git diff --no-index MOM_input docs/MOM_parameter_docs.short` after the docs dir is updated. One should not see any differences below the heading `! This section is formatted the same as the MOM_parameter_short.doc output file.` We require consistent formatting to make it easier to parse diffs between configs ([example](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/#comparison-table)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you made any changes to `MOM_input` or changed the version of MOM6, update the "docs" folder ([example](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/tree/dev-MC_25km_jra_iaf/docs)) with the latest version of the MOM docs (i.e. re-run the model and commit those files).
4. If you made any changes to `MOM_input`or changed the version of MOM6, check that the `MOM_input` file use the standardized formatting of the `MOM_parameter_doc.short` file. Tip: one can use `git diff --no-index MOM_input docs/MOM_parameter_docs.short` after the docs dir is updated. One should not see any differences below the heading `! This section is formatted the same as the MOM_parameter_short.doc output file.` We require consistent formatting to make it easier to parse diffs between configs ([example](https://access-om3-configs.access-hive.org.au/#comparison-table)).
```
